update posthog mission (#8299)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/why-does-posthog-exist.md

## Our mission

Equip every developer to build successful products

## Our strategy

### Provide every tool needed to build successful products

Building a successful product is hard. It gets harder when you don't understand how your customers are using your product.

> PostHog gives you all the tools you need to understand how your users use your product. All with one simple snippet.

Reviewer: Just a fly-by, but we may want to change to

```suggestion
PostHog includes all the tools you need to understand how people use your product. All with one simple snippet.
```

"how your users use your" is just a bit of a mouthful
